DOCSP 33265 Resilience of mongosync (#201)
mongodb/docs-cluster-to-cluster-sync: source/faq.txt

source and destination clusters.  If the clusters are underprovisioned for your
needs, consider upgrading the cluster hardware.

> Should I stop a migration that encounters error or failure logs?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Should I stop a migration that logs the word "error" or "failure"?
```

----------------------------------------------------------------

> No, error and failure logs are non-fatal errors and do not signal that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No, these logs are non-fatal errors and do not signal that
```

Author: Done!

> you need to terminate ``mongosync`` early. These logs do not indicate

Reviewer 2: Update terminate -> stop per the [style guide](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/meta/style-guide/terminology/alphabetical-terms/#t)

```suggestion
you need to stop ``mongosync`` early. These logs do not indicate
```

Author: Done!

indicate that ``mongosync`` will fail or corrupt data. If a fatal error

> occurs, ``mongosync`` stops sync and writes a ``fatal`` log entry. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
occurs, ``mongosync`` stops the sync and writes a fatal log entry. 
```

source and destination clusters.  If the clusters are underprovisioned for your
needs, consider upgrading the cluster hardware.

> Should I stop a migration that logs the word "error" or "failure"?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Should I stop a migration if I see the word "error" or "failure" in the logs?
```
